Release process change (#5766)
meilisearch/meilisearch: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Related issue

Fixes #...

## Requirements

⚠️ Ensure the following requirements before merging ⚠️
- [] Automated tests have been added.
- [] If some tests cannot be automated, manual rigorous tests should be applied.

> - [] ⚠️ If there is an change in the DB: it's mandatory to manually test the `--experimental-dumpless-upgrade` on a DB of the previous Meilisearch minor version (e.g. v1.13 for the v1.14 release).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [] ⚠️ If there is any change in the DB: 
    - [ ] Test that any impacted DB still works as expected after using `--experimental-dumpless-upgrade` on a DB created with the last released Meilisearch
    - [ ] Test that during the upgrade, **search is still available** (artificially make the upgrade longer if needed)
    - [ ] Set the `db change` label.
```
